README.md, before:

## Ubuntu LTS version with some extra commands

This is a docker images different LTS version of Ubuntu with a working init process

### Why use this image

The unix process ID 1 is the process to receive the SIGTERM signal when you execute a 

	docker stop <container ID>

if the container has the command `CMD ["bash"]` then bash process will get the SIGTERM signal and terminate.
All other processes running on the system will just stop without the possibility to shutdown correclty

### my_init init script

In this container i have a scipt that handles the init process an uses the [supervisor system](http://supervisord.org/index.html) to start
the daemons to run and also catch signals (SIGTERM) to shutdown all processes started by supervisord. This is a modified version of
an init script made by Phusion. I've modified it to use supervisor in stead of runit. There are also two directories to run scripts
before any daemon is started.

#### Run script once /etc/my_runonce

All executable in this directory is run at start, after completion the script is removed from the directory

#### Run script every start /etc/my_runalways

All executable in this directory is run at every start of the container, ie, at `docker run` and `docker start`

### cron daemon

In many cases there are som need of things happening att given intervalls, default no cron processs is started
in the standard ubuntu image. In this image cron is running together with logrotate to stop the logdfiles to be
to big on log running containers.

### syslog-ng

No all services works without a syslog daemon, if you don't have one running those messages is lost in space,
all messages sent via the syslog daemon is saved in /var/log/syslog

### Docker fixes 

Also there are fixed (besideds the init process) assosiated with running ubuntu inside a docker container.

### New commands autostarted by supervisord

To add other processes to run automaticly, add a file ending with .conf  in /etc/supervisor/conf.d/ 
with a layout like this (/etc/supervisor/conf.d/myprogram.conf) 

	[program:myprogram]
	command=/usr/bin/myprogram

`myprogram` is the name of this process when working with supervisctl.

Output logs std and error is found in /var/log/supervisor/ and the files begins with the <defined name><-stdout|-stderr>superervisor*.log

For more settings please consult the [manual FOR supervisor](http://supervisord.org/configuration.html#program-x-section-settings)

### Added som normaly used commands

There are a number of commands that most uses and adds to their build, in this build I've added som commonly used packages

Extra included packages are

- wget
- curl
- zip/unzip
- git
- vim
- nano
- psmisc
- less
- patch
- software-properties-common

### Installation

This continer should normaly run as a daemon i.e with the `-d` flag attached

	docker run -d nimmis/ubuntu

but if you want to check if all services has been started correctly you can start with the following command

	docker run -ti nimmis/ubuntu

the output, if working correctly should be

	docker run -ti nimmis/ubuntu14
	*** Run files in /etc/my_runonce/
	*** Run files in /etc/my_runalways/
	*** Running /etc/rc.local...
	*** Booting supervisor daemon...
	*** Supervisor started as PID 11
	2015-01-02 10:45:43,750 CRIT Set uid to user 0
	*** Started processes via Supervisor......
	crond                            RUNNING    pid 15, uptime 0:00:02
	syslog-ng                        RUNNING    pid 14, uptime 0:00:02

pressing a CTRL-C in that window  or running `docker stop <container ID>` will generate the following output

	*** Shutting down supervisor daemon (PID 11)...
	*** Killing all processes...

you can the restart that container with 

	docker start <container ID>

Accessing the container with a bash shell can be done with

	docker exec -ti <container ID> /bin/bash

### TAGs

This image only contains the 2 latest LTS versions of Ubuntu 12.04 and 14.04, the versions are
nimmis/ubuntu:<tag> where tag is

- latest -  this gives the latest LTS version (14.04)
- 12.04  -  this gives the 12.04 LTS version
- 14.04  -  this gives the 14.04 LTS version

Commit message:

adding output of /var/log/startup.log to log at each startup

README.md, after:

## Ubuntu LTS version with some extra commands

This is a docker images different LTS version of Ubuntu with a working init process

### Why use this image

The unix process ID 1 is the process to receive the SIGTERM signal when you execute a 

	docker stop <container ID>

if the container has the command `CMD ["bash"]` then bash process will get the SIGTERM signal and terminate.
All other processes running on the system will just stop without the possibility to shutdown correclty

### my_init init script

In this container i have a scipt that handles the init process an uses the [supervisor system](http://supervisord.org/index.html) to start
the daemons to run and also catch signals (SIGTERM) to shutdown all processes started by supervisord. This is a modified version of
an init script made by Phusion. I've modified it to use supervisor in stead of runit. There are also two directories to run scripts
before any daemon is started.

#### Run script once /etc/my_runonce

All executable in this directory is run at start, after completion the script is removed from the directory

#### Run script every start /etc/my_runalways

All executable in this directory is run at every start of the container, ie, at `docker run` and `docker start`

#### Permanent output to docker log when starting container

Each time the container is started the content of the file /var/log/startup.log is displayed so if your startup scripts generate 
vital information to be shown please add that information to that file

### cron daemon

In many cases there are som need of things happening att given intervalls, default no cron processs is started
in the standard ubuntu image. In this image cron is running together with logrotate to stop the logdfiles to be
to big on log running containers.

### syslog-ng

No all services works without a syslog daemon, if you don't have one running those messages is lost in space,
all messages sent via the syslog daemon is saved in /var/log/syslog

### Docker fixes 

Also there are fixed (besideds the init process) assosiated with running ubuntu inside a docker container.

### New commands autostarted by supervisord

To add other processes to run automaticly, add a file ending with .conf  in /etc/supervisor/conf.d/ 
with a layout like this (/etc/supervisor/conf.d/myprogram.conf) 

	[program:myprogram]
	command=/usr/bin/myprogram

`myprogram` is the name of this process when working with supervisctl.

Output logs std and error is found in /var/log/supervisor/ and the files begins with the <defined name><-stdout|-stderr>superervisor*.log

For more settings please consult the [manual FOR supervisor](http://supervisord.org/configuration.html#program-x-section-settings)

### Added som normaly used commands

There are a number of commands that most uses and adds to their build, in this build I've added som commonly used packages

Extra included packages are

- wget
- curl
- zip/unzip
- git
- vim
- nano
- psmisc
- less
- patch
- software-properties-common

### Installation

This continer should normaly run as a daemon i.e with the `-d` flag attached

	docker run -d nimmis/ubuntu

but if you want to check if all services has been started correctly you can start with the following command

	docker run -ti nimmis/ubuntu

the output, if working correctly should be

	docker run -ti nimmis/ubuntu14
	*** Run files in /etc/my_runonce/
	*** Run files in /etc/my_runalways/
	*** Running /etc/rc.local...
	*** Booting supervisor daemon...
	*** Supervisor started as PID 11
	2015-01-02 10:45:43,750 CRIT Set uid to user 0
	*** Started processes via Supervisor......
	crond                            RUNNING    pid 15, uptime 0:00:02
	syslog-ng                        RUNNING    pid 14, uptime 0:00:02

pressing a CTRL-C in that window  or running `docker stop <container ID>` will generate the following output

	*** Shutting down supervisor daemon (PID 11)...
	*** Killing all processes...

you can the restart that container with 

	docker start <container ID>

Accessing the container with a bash shell can be done with

	docker exec -ti <container ID> /bin/bash

### TAGs

This image only contains the 2 latest LTS versions of Ubuntu 12.04 and 14.04, the versions are
nimmis/ubuntu:<tag> where tag is

- latest -  this gives the latest LTS version (14.04)
- 12.04  -  this gives the 12.04 LTS version
- 14.04  -  this gives the 14.04 LTS version
